# HTE MVL 2.0 pre-alpha Release Readme

_This document describes the legacy HTE MVL 2.0 pre alpha releases._

* __Deprecation Notice__: The HTE MVL 2.0 pre-alpha (and former) releases are now officially deprecated and are no longer actively supported or maintained.

* __Use of Latest Release__: We encourage users to use and work from the current 3.0 Development Activities.

* __PLEASE, DO NOT__ attempt to fork or use this version as it was not developed past a pre-alpha prototype.

* __PLEASE, INSTEAD, DO__ contribute to 3.0 Development Activities.

# 3.0 Development Activities

HTE-MVL was renamed to High-Throughput Experimental Materials Collaboratory (HTE-MC), and you may monitor progress [here](https://www.nist.gov/programs-projects/high-throughput-experimental-materials-collaboratory).

To recieve guidace on how to contribute to 3.0 Development Activities, please contact [htems@nist.gov](mailto:htems@nist.gov).

# Disclaimer

The software was developed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)

This repository serves as a platform for open community collaboration
to enable and encourage greater sharing of and interoperability
between research data from around the world. Except where otherwise
noted, the content and software within this repository should be
considered a work in progress, may contain input from non-governmental
contributors, and thus should not be construed to represent the
position nor have the endorsement the United States government.

This software was developed (possibly in part) by employees of the
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), an agency of
the Federal Government and is being made available as a public
service. Pursuant to title 17 United States Code Section 105, works of
NIST employees are not subject to copyright protection in the United
States.  This software may be subject to foreign copyright.
Permission in the United States and in foreign countries, to the
extent that NIST may hold copyright, to use, copy, modify, create
derivative works, and distribute this software and its documentation
without fee is hereby granted on a non-exclusive basis, provided that
this notice and disclaimer of warranty appears in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS' WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESSED, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL CONFORM TO SPECIFICATIONS, ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, AND FREEDOM FROM INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTY THAT THE
DOCUMENTATION WILL CONFORM TO THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY WARRANTY THAT THE
SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR FREE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL NIST BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF, RESULTING FROM, OR IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED WITH THIS SOFTWARE, WHETHER OR NOT BASED UPON WARRANTY,
CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT INJURY WAS SUSTAINED BY
PERSONS OR PROPERTY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT LOSS WAS
SUSTAINED FROM, OR AROSE OUT OF THE RESULTS OF, OR USE OF, THE
SOFTWARE OR SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER. 
